Go home and thank Assistant Chen.
Go to the hospital
Go home I said go to the hospital
What are you doing? I'll pay for your car
Is there also a mental damage fee?
Car mental damage fee, what do you report?
You hurt me, you know it hurts
You would hurt yourself for him
I don't even want my life to take revenge
Just revenge
I could kill him with the move of my finger
Why don't you ask people not to now?
You still have feelings for him
Just because you met him on campus and you were so in love with him
Sure enough, no one can understand
No one will believe
Even if there is a sea of swords and fire, I will fight him to the end
Tangyuan
The next battle is yours alone. Who said that?
How are you